I have to bring up some giant cash you. Cause I was just listening to this song.
He has a ton of songs about trucking, but one of them, I was just listening to,
um, it's called all I do is drive where he's talking to an old truck driver.
It goes,
I asked him if those trucking songs tell about a life like his, he said,
if you want to know the truth about it, here's the way it is.
All I do is drive. Drive, drive, try to stay alive.
That's the course and keep my mind on my load. Keep my eye up on the road.
I got nothing in common with any man who's home every day at five.
All I do is drive, drive, drive, drive, drive drive.
So I gotta ask you, uh,
same thing that he asked the trucker <laugh> you worked as a trucker for six
months and, and now while working on the previous book, um,
what's it like to be a truck driver? I think that captures it.
<laugh> it really does.